
  Hello! My name is Davis Long, and I am a senior at Christopher Newport University. I am from Richmond, Virginia and am the youngest of three kids. Our family also has a golden doodle named **Louie**, which has become my mom’s _pride and joy_. I am taking this course since I am a **Digital Humanities minor**, and this is the last course I need to fulfill the requirement. I have enjoyed all of the DH courses I have taken and am enjoying this class so far. I have always been interested in website design, so these courses have been really beneficial in improving my ability to code websites. 
  I have not thought too much what I want to do after college, I just know I am done with taking classes and have no interest in going to graduate school. I am really just ready to make some money. I have been applying to jobs for the past couple weeks, but I am not sure exactly what line of work I am most interested in or what I want to do. I am not too worried about loving my first job, I am more so interested in the experience I will gain from these jobs that will help me find a path to the job I want, _when I figure out what that is._
	Outside of school, I like to play **basketball and tennis** with friends or just hangout at their houses. I like playing video games in my free time and am a huge fan of Star Wars and Marvel. Right now, my favorite show is the Book of Boba Fett and I watch it every Wednesday when it releases. When I am home on breaks, I like to volunteer when I can in Richmond at Lamb’s Basket, a food pantry near my house. I have not had an internship during my time at CNU, which I slightly regret since the experience would have been worthwhile to get. 
  I am excited for this course and everything that we will learn during the semester. It is my last semester here at CNU which is sort of bittersweet since I will miss this school when I graduate but I am more excited for what will come after I leave. Being able to attend this University has let me grow in so many ways that I am ever thankful for having this opportunity.
